initial public doc for Distant JS 1.1 (#2)
Kandy-IO/kandy-distant-js: guide/application-layout.md

# Sample Application Layout

> When building an application with distant, it is important to understand the connections that are needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When building an application with Distant, it is important to understand the connections that are needed.
```

Reviewer: Might as well capitalize the product name

#### Simple distant-web application

```mermaid
graph TB
  app(Application)-->distant

  distant-->distant-web
  distant-->packetization

  subgraph VDI mode
    packetization
    packetization-->pull-vchannel
    pull-vchannel-->vchannel
    vchannel-->citrix-channel(Citrix Virtual Channel)
    citrix-channel-->distant-driver-for-vdi
  end

  subgraph Web Mode
    distant-web
  end

  distant-web-->distant-remote
  distant-driver-for-vdi-->distant-remote

  distant-remote-->remote(Remote Application)

```

> In the diagram above you can see the 2 different modes that a Distant application can use currently. Notice that the VDI side is much more involved due to the limitations of the Citrix Virtual Channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the diagram above you can see the 2 different modes that a Distant application can use. Notice that the VDI side is much more involved due to the limitations of the Citrix Virtual Channel.
```

> > Note: In the future we expect to create a package that encapsulates all the required packages on the VDI side into a simple connection package that allows applications to have less management code around all of these packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: In the future we expect to create a package that encapsulates all the required packages on the VDI side into a single connection package that simplify use in an application.
```
